---
layout: post
title: Reading
---

{{ page.title }}
================

<p class="subtitle">4 Apr 2025 - Bellingham</p>

I rediscovered this blog after not recognizing a link on my start page, so long pause not withstanding, here's an update.

In the intervening months I have started drawing and reading (full books!), and lost 18 pounds. Here's how it started:

1) Because I struggled to complete any article, blog post, or book, I figured I had to learn how to read again. Concentration is a muscle and mine had atrofied to the point where reading headlines was the extent of my endurance. Then I got a physical copy of the Hemingway's short stories, and in June 2024 I slowly worked my way through that book. Then I got another book and finished it. And I gave myself permission to stop books that I didn't connect with. Now? I'm on my third book in my 10 book reading goal for 2025.

2) COPY SOMEONE'S WORK...that's how you start drawing again. Mind you, none of that will see the light of any social media. But it does sit in the pile of scratch paper sketches that I look through ever month or so. Have I completed an major works? I did a picture for my son for Christmas, and I continue to draw and paint and experiment. I have a lofty goal that will remain unspoken but it is giving me something to strive for.

3) Hard 75: On 2 Jan 2025 my wife and I started a regimine to: a) eliminate sugar and alcohol; b) exercise twice a day for at least 45 minutes; and c) closely monitor our portions (this was our criteria, not the programs'). Then for 75 days we would abide by this program. The end result as I said before was losing 18 pounds but! I also slept better, quieted the voices in my head, and have a general sense of calm that I didn't before (I'm not sure if I made a conscious effort to do this or not but I will happily accept the results).

And that's the last ten months in a nutshell.
